i sash you're just making a recipe
coconut butter so extremely yummy and
the beautiful thing about coconut I'll
just start doing it and then we'll speak
about it as I go a little bit of coconut
oil organic blogs bread one of the best
brands in the world this is just
whatever I could find it's a Fairtrade
organic shredded coconut and yeah
we've made some job sometimes you get
out of it of salts
so this is um these bags of 200 grams
each 400 grams of shredded coconut
hi honey this is Cara let's try I expect
to get about 400 grams of it and I'm
just gonna put 2 teaspoons coconut oil
sorry 1 2 this is one of the easiest
recipes in the world don't ever buy
coconut butter ever again
no it is true that you know you don't
really know where the question is coming
from or it may not be as pure well I
mean you never really know where the
coconuts gotten unless you go visit the
farm and stuff like that but or if you
trust someone who knows the source and
whatever and knows the packaging
procedure you never really know but at
least if you get the whole coconuts I
then scrape the meat out and you'd have
to either dry them out in front of the
heater or in a dehydrator is best and
then you'll get your own coconut and
that way you can just food process it
and then Vitamix it so I'm using the
Vitamix and I'm gonna put it on full
blast and just push into each of the
corners and it should solidify and then
I might just hold it straight down and
get it to turn let's see
okay and that's it done you don't want
to do it for too long
once I find once it'll get started just
put the vitami I mean the plunges
straight down it seems to make it turn a
lot easier rather than taking it I'm you
don't want to go for too long otherwise
you'll heat the coconut up two months
and while that isn't such a huge problem
it's still nicely to keep it in the raw
realm yeah so there you go so we'll see
how much to be done
you kid of that just do it quick
whoa I heated that up quite a bit so
yeah once you get it turning not long
almost there so yeah getting your fresh
coconuts and and extracting the meat and
then dehydrating it and then processing
it it would give you a much more peace
of mind on the processing off the
coconut so here we yeah that's almost
full five hundred mils that's probably
about 450 years there so you have much
cheaper these were about I think 250 and
so yeah five dollars and you got a whole
five hundred meals for 50 mils of
coconut butter and it tastes amazing
there's no doubt about it it's going to
be superior to any nut butter
oh I'm not ending up out of it 95 to
send off the nut ma of butters on the
market coconut doesn't need much
preparation to turn into a butter so
it's so easily done okay guys well
enjoyed making it and I hope you go make
it it's such an easy recipe to make you
should take advantage of it overnight
much love